This story has been written by    Vlad,   Paul,  Tiberia,  Adela, George, Rares             of team PussyCats

You are an adventurer a sword for hire and have been romaning the northen 
borderlands of your kingdom. You make a wish but nothing happens. Lose one luck point. If you wish to rub some hot mud
on to your wounds, turn to 283. If you wish to set of north along the path, turn to 303.

303
High in the sky you see a large flying creature.It is certainly bigger than any bird you have ever seen. As it comes closer you draw your sword...
If you win, turn to 247

247
The loasthsome Pterodactyl lies in a crumpled heap where it crashed to the floor after the fatal blow from your sword.
Walking over to it you notice a yellow arrow painted on the grass beside the path, pointing west. If you wish to follow
the arrow, turn to 3. If you wish to keep going north along the path, turn to 144.

283
Your soon arrive at another junction in the tunnel. If you wish to had north, turn to 81.
If you wish to head south, turn to 270
81
Ahead you hear high-pitched voices frantically call-ing to each other. The tunnel ends at a small cave entrance. Suddenly an arrow flies out of the cave towards you.Test your Luck. If you are Lucky , the arrow whistles past your head(turn to 49). If you are Unlucky , it lodges in your sholder(turn to 4).

49
You press down on the tunnel into the cave entrance.The roof of the cave is no higher than the tunnel and you are unable to stand up. The cave is very small and filled with tiny bits of furniture and all mannerof objects and curios.Standing in the middle of the cave are two green-skinned creatures with small bodies and large heads; they have pointed years and long noses and their clothes are made from sacks. You must fight the GREMLINS as you are unable to turn round and escape.
You soon arrive at another junction in the tunnel. If you wish to had north, turn to 81.
If you wish to head south, turn to 270

270
The tunnel ends at a cave entrance. On entering the cave you see that the roof is no higher than the tunnel and you are unable to stand up.
The cave is the lair of an intelligent creature, for it contains small pieces of furniture.
There is a wooden box just over a metre in length at the back of the cave. 
If you wish to lift the lid of the box, turn to 229.
If you wish to turn arround and return to the junction in the tunnel, turn to 121.


121
Back at the junction you may either go east (turn to 61) or keep going north (turn to 81)

229
As you touch the wooden box, the lid flies up without your having yo lift it. From out of the box
leaps a tiny green-skinned creature with a large head. He has a long nose and pointed ears and his clothes
are made of sacking. You are taken by surprise and the GREMLIN tires to stab you with his dagger.
Test yout Luck. If you are Lucky, you manage to dodge the thrusting blade(turn to 165).If 
you are Unlucky, the blade sinks into your thigh(turn to 45).
